feat(ppo): support non-colocated generation (#3262)
NVIDIA-NeMo/RL: docs/guides/ppo.md

> | `critic/values_max` | Maximum predicted value |
> | `critic/returns_mean` | Mean of GAE returns |
> | `critic/explained_var` | Explained variance: $1 - \text{Var}(R - V) / \text{Var}(R)$. Higher is better; values near 1.0 indicate the critic accurately predicts returns. |
> | `max_seq_mult_prob_error` | Maximum sequence-level multiplicative probability error between generation and training logprobs before optional masking. |
> | `mean_seq_mult_prob_error` | Mean sequence-level multiplicative probability error before optional masking. |
> | `num_masked_seqs_by_logprob_error` | Number of sequences excluded by `ppo.seq_logprob_error_threshold`. |

Reviewer: [`ppo.md:300-302`](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/RL/blob/6f176b3b4899325c20022630b27b2973d8273544/docs/guides/ppo.md#L300)

**1 action item.**

### AI-1 — the table lists 3 of the 8 metrics that are actually logged

PR-introduced doc gap.

`compute_and_apply_seq_logprob_error_masking` returns 8 keys and all reach the logger via `metrics.update(seq_logprob_error_metrics)` at [`ppo.py:1747`](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/RL/blob/6f176b3b4899325c20022630b27b2973d8273544/nemo_rl/algorithms/ppo.py#L1747). The four omitted ones are the feedback loop for the knob this PR adds: you set `seq_logprob_error_threshold`, then read `*_after_mask` to see whether the tail actually dropped below it, and `masked_correct_pct` to see whether you're discarding *correct* answers. Documenting the three easy keys while omitting the four that make the knob tunable is the gap worth closing.

**Action:**

```suggestion
| `max_seq_mult_prob_error` | Maximum sequence-level multiplicative probability error between generation and training logprobs before optional masking. |
| `mean_seq_mult_prob_error` | Mean sequence-level multiplicative probability error before optional masking. |
| `min_seq_mult_prob_error` | Minimum sequence-level multiplicative probability error before optional masking. |
| `max_seq_mult_prob_error_after_mask` | Maximum sequence-level error over the sequences kept by `ppo.seq_logprob_error_threshold`. Equal to the pre-mask value when the threshold is `null`. |
| `mean_seq_mult_prob_error_after_mask` | Mean sequence-level error over the kept sequences. |
| `min_seq_mult_prob_error_after_mask` | Minimum sequence-level error over the kept sequences. |
| `num_masked_seqs_by_logprob_error` | Number of sequences excluded by `ppo.seq_logprob_error_threshold`. |
| `masked_correct_pct` | Fraction of excluded sequences that had reward = 1. A high value means the threshold is discarding good samples. |
```

Author: Updated the PPO metrics table to document all eight sequence-level logprob error metrics.
